Good night, everyone. Welcome back to Json’s master Apache NIFI skill from 0 to 1 course.

In the last lesson, we studied how to down the Apache NIFI 2.3 version. Today, we will study how to use NSSM to register NIFI service as windows service. 
Only in this way, we don’t need to maintain Apache NIFI service manually.

What is NSSM? It is a tool to help us to register some application services as windows service. 

After installation, we can use windows services screen to maintain our application services.

Today’s agenda is below:
1.	Download the NSSM tool
2.	Create the NIFI bat script
3.	Register NIFI service as windows service

Okay, let’s enter this first step. In the first, open the NSSM official website, download the NSSM latest version. 
Then, extract this zip file,
Next, add win64 or win32 path to your computer system environment. If your computer system is 64, add win64 path; otherwise, add win32 path.
Finally, run cmd command to check if your path is correct or not

After NSSM installation, we need to create the run-nifi.bat script.
First, create run-nifi.bat file in yout bin folder.
Second, copy the run-nifi.bat script to your file.
Finaly, check this script can start the NIFI service or not.
Because starting NIFI service needs more time, we need to wait

Okay, it looks like the script is correct.
We can step into the last step. Using NSSM to register NIFI service as windows service.

First, use administrator to run cmd command,
Second, install service,
Third, config some files
Then, config the service output log, it will help us to check service information easily.
Next, config the service error log, it can help us quickly find error logs
Finaly, open service screen to start Apache NIFI service.
We need to wait due to starting Apache NIFI service needs more time.
Okay, we can access the NIFI home.

Congratulations, we install the NIFI services successfully.
Okay, today’s course is end. In the next topic. We will study some frequently-used processors. See you.
